onabort

Invoked when an event has been aborted. For example, the browser stops fetching media data before it is completely downloaded.

oncancel

cancel event handler.

oncanplay

Invoked when the browser/user agent can start playing media, but hasn't yet, due to buffering. In other words, if playback were to begin now, it wouldn't play right to the end (due to the current playback rate) - it would need to pause during playback in order to load the rest of the media.

oncanplaythrough

The browser/user agent estimates that if playback were to begin now, the media resource could be rendered at the current playback rate all the way to its end without having to stop for further buffering.

onchange

User has changed the object, then attempts to leave that field (i.e. clicks elsewhere).

onclick

Invoked when the user clicked on the object.

oncuechange

cuechange event handler.

ondblclick

Invoked when the user clicked twice on the object.

ondurationchange

Invoked when the length of the media is changed (i.e. the duration attribute has just been updated).

onemptied

Invoked when a media resource element suddenly becomes empty (for example, due to a network error).

onended

Invoked when the media has reached the end.

oninput

input event handler.

oninvalid

invalid event handler.

onkeydown

Invoked when a key was pressed over an element.

onkeypress

Invoked when a key was pressed over an element then released.

onkeyup

Invoked when a key was released over an element.

onloadeddata

Invoked when the browser/user agent can render the media data at the current playback position for the first time.

onloadedmetadata

Invoked when the browser/user agent has just determined the duration and dimensions of the media resource.

onloadstart

Invoked when the browser/user agent has started loading the media resource.

onmousedown

The cursor moved over the object and the mouse/pointing device was pressed down.

onmouseenter

The cursor enters the outer element (not the inner element). Therefore, does not fire again if the cursor enters a descendant of this element.

onmouseleave

The cursor leaves the element.

onmousemove

The cursor moved while hovering over an object.

onmouseout

The cursor moved off the object

onmouseover

The cursor moved over the object (i.e. user hovers the mouse over the object).

onmouseup

The mouse/pointing device was released after being pressed down.

onmousewheel

Invoked when the mouse wheel is being rotated.

onpause

Invoked when the media resource has been paused.

onplay

Invoked when the media resource starts playback.

onplaying

Playback has begun.

onprogress

The browser/user agent is fetching media data.

onratechange

Invoked when the playback rate has changed (i.e. either the defaultPlaybackRate or the playbackRate has just been updated).

onreset

reset event handler.

onseeked

Invoked when the seeking IDL attribute changed to false (i.e. the seeking attribute is no longer true)

onseeking

Invoked when the seeking IDL attribute changed to true and the seek operation is taking long enough that the user agent has time to fire the event.

onselect

Invoked when some or all of the contents of an object is selected. For example, the user selected some text within a text field.

onshow

show event handler.

onstalled

Invoked when the browser/user agent is trying to fetch media data but the data has stalled (i.e. the data has stopped coming).

onsubmit

User submitted a form.

onsuspend

The browser/user agent is (intentionally) not currently fetching media data, but has not yet downloaded the entire media resource (i.e. it has suspended the download).

ontimeupdate

Invoked when the media's current playback position changed.

ontoggle

Invoked when the details element is opened or closed.

onvolumechange

Invoked when either the volume attribute or the muted attribute has changed.

onwaiting

The next frame of the media is not yet available (but the browser/user agent expects it to become available).